Begin update for 2.3-3.0 blog (#201)
fastruby/blog: _posts/2017-08-28-upgrade-to-rails-3.markdown

Remember that if you installed the plugin mentioned in step 3, you can run `rake rails:upgrade:gems`. This task will extract your config.gem calls and generate code that you can put in your Gemfile.

<h2 id="rspec">7. RSpec</h2>
If you are using RSpec 1.x for your tests, you should update to RSpec 2.x. You may need to update some references to `Spec` with `RSpec`.

<h2 id="ignoring">8. Ignoring Rails Modules</h2>

> If you don't need to load some module (let's use actionmailer as an example), in Rails 2 you would a configuration like this in your environments.rb file:

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't need to load a module (let's use actionmailer as an example), in Rails 2 you would use a configuration like this in your environments.rb file:
```

Remember that if you installed the plugin mentioned in step 3, you can run `rake rails:upgrade:gems`. This task will extract your config.gem calls and generate code that you can put in your Gemfile.

<h2 id="rspec">7. RSpec</h2>
If you are using RSpec 1.x for your tests, you should update to RSpec 2.x. You may need to update some references to `Spec` with `RSpec`.

<h2 id="ignoring">8. Ignoring Rails Modules</h2>
If you don't need to load a module (let's use actionmailer as an example), in Rails 2 you would use a configuration like this in your environments.rb file:

```ruby
config.frameworks -= [ :action_mailer ]
```

For Rails 3 you need to remove that and change how you require `rails` in your new application.rb file:

```ruby
require "rails"

# instead of `require "rails/all"`
%w(
  active_record
  action_controller
  active_resource
  rails/test_unit
).each do |framework|
  begin
    require "#{framework}/railtie"
  rescue LoadError
  end
end
```
<h2 id="html-safe">9. Escaped HTML by default</h2>

> In Rails 3 you no  longer need to use the `h` helper method to escape HTML. It is now escaped by default. If you need to tell Rails to not escape the HTML you will need to call `html_safe` on that string. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rails 3 you no longer need to use the `h` helper method to escape HTML. It is now escaped by default. If you need to tell Rails to not escape the HTML you will need to call `.html_safe` on that string. 
```

```
- Mailers should now be in app/mailers instead of app/models.

<h3 id="erb-syntax">ERB Syntax</h3>
 Block helpers that use concat (e.g., form_for, form_tag) will need to replace `<%` with `<%=`. The current syntax will continue to work for now, but you will get deprecation warnings since it will go away in the future. 
 
<h3 id="ajax-helpers">AJAX Helpers</h3>
AJAX JavaScript helpers have moved to be unobtrusive and use `:remote => true`. Depending on the helper call some unobtrusive JavaScript may need to be added. For example:
```
link_to_remote ("Update Example", 
                        :update => 'example',
                        :url => {:action => 'example'})
```
Will need to change to:
```
link_to "Update Example", { :action => 'example' }, remote => true 
```

> and unobtrusive JavaScript will need to be added for the what "update" is doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a JavaScript event listener will need to be added for what "update" is doing.
```

Maybe we can add a small code snippet explaining this line? no too fancy, just the `$(...).on('ajax:success', function(response) {.... $('#example').html(response.responseText)}` or something like that. The link below is not working for me (maybe this is shown there but I think it's better to have an example on our article)

```
- Mailers should now be in app/mailers instead of app/models.

<h3 id="erb-syntax">ERB Syntax</h3>
 Block helpers that use concat (e.g., form_for, form_tag) will need to replace `<%` with `<%=`. The current syntax will continue to work for now, but you will get deprecation warnings since it will go away in the future.

<h3 id="ajax-helpers">AJAX Helpers</h3>
AJAX JavaScript helpers have moved to be unobtrusive and use `:remote => true`. Depending on the helper call, some JavaScript event listeners may need to be added. For example:

```js
link_to_remote ("Update Example",
                :update => 'result_div_id',
                :url => {:action => 'example'})
```

Will need to change to:

```js
link_to "Update Example", { :action => 'example' }, :remote => true, :id => 'my_link'
```

> and a JavaScript event listener will need to be added for what "update" is doing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And a JavaScript event listener will need to be added for what "update" is doing.
```
